# 1441. Build an Array With Stack Operations

You are given an integer array `target` and an integer `n`.

You have an empty stack with the two following operations:

* **`"Push"`**: pushes an integer to the top of the stack.
* **`"Pop"`**: removes the integer on the top of the stack.

You also have a stream of the integers in the range `[1, n]`.

Use the two stack operations to make the numbers in the stack (from the bottom to the top) equal to `target`. You should follow the following rules:

* If the stream of the integers is not empty, pick the next integer from the stream and push it to the top of the stack.
* If the stack is not empty, pop the integer at the top of the stack.
* If, at any moment, the elements in the stack (from the bottom to the top) are equal to `target`, do not read new integers from the stream and do not do more operations on the stack.

Return _the stack operations needed to build_ `target` following the mentioned rules. If there are multiple valid answers, return **any of them**.

&#x20;

**Example 1:**

<pre><code><strong>Input: target = [1,3], n = 3
</strong><strong>Output: ["Push","Push","Pop","Push"]
</strong><strong>Explanation: Initially the stack s is empty. The last element is the top of the stack.
</strong>Read 1 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1].
Read 2 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,2].
Pop the integer on the top of the stack. s = [1].
Read 3 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,3].
</code></pre>

**Example 2:**

<pre><code><strong>Input: target = [1,2,3], n = 3
</strong><strong>Output: ["Push","Push","Push"]
</strong><strong>Explanation: Initially the stack s is empty. The last element is the top of the stack.
</strong>Read 1 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1].
Read 2 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,2].
Read 3 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,2,3].
</code></pre>

**Example 3:**

<pre><code><strong>Input: target = [1,2], n = 4
</strong><strong>Output: ["Push","Push"]
</strong><strong>Explanation: Initially the stack s is empty. The last element is the top of the stack.
</strong>Read 1 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1].
Read 2 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,2].
Since the stack (from the bottom to the top) is equal to target, we stop the stack operations.
The answers that read integer 3 from the stream are not accepted.
</code></pre>

&#x20;

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= target.length <= 100`
* `1 <= n <= 100`
* `1 <= target[i] <= n`
* `target` is strictly increasing.

```python
def buildArray(self, target: List[int], n: int) -> List[str]:
    ret = []
    target = [0] + target
    for i, j in zip(target, target[1:]):
        ret += ['Push', 'Pop'] * (j - i - 1)
        ret += ['Push']
    return ret
```
